.TH AUTOJET 1 "December 10, 2008"
.SH NAME
AutoJet  \- Burn multiple CDs or DVDs at once
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B autojet
.RI [\fIQt-options\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B AutoJet 
application.
.PP
\fBAutojet\fP allows you to burn multiple and different DVD or CD images
at once on different devices. In fact it is a simple frontend to command-line
CD writing programs like wodim, cdrdao and growisofs. In difference to other
CD burning applications and frontends it focuses on the on-demand production of CDs and DVDs.
.SH OPTIONS
This program only supports the standard command line options for Qt based programs.
A summary of this options is included below.
.TP
.B \-style= style
sets the application GUI style. Possible values are motif, windows, and platinum. If you compiled Qt with additional styles or have additional styles as plugins these will be available to the -style command line option.
.TP
.B \-style style
is the same as listed above.
.TP
.B \-session= session
restores the application from an earlier session.
.TP
.B \-session session
is the same as listed above.
.TP
.B \-widgetcount
prints debug message at the end about number of widgets left undestroyed and maximum number of widgets existed at the same time
.TP
.B \-reverse
sets the application's layout direction to Qt::RightToLeft
.TP
.TP 
.B \-display display
sets the X display (default is $DISPLAY).
.TP 
.B \-geometry geometry
sets the client geometry of the first window that is shown.
.TP 
.B \-fn 
or
.B \-font font
defines the application font. The font should be specified using an X logical font description.
.TP 
.B \-bg 
or
.B \-background color
sets the default background color and an application palette (light and dark shades are calculated).
.TP 
.B \-fg 
or 
.B \-foreground color
sets the default foreground color.
.TP 
.B \-btn 
or 
.B \-button color
sets the default button color.
.TP 
.B \-name name
sets the application name.
.TP 
.B \-title title
sets the application title.
.TP 
.B \-visual TrueColor
forces the application to use a TrueColor visual on an 8\-bit display.
.TP 
.B \-ncols count
limits the number of colors allocated in the color cube on an 8\-bit display, if the application is using the QApplication::ManyColor color specification. If count is 216 then a 6x6x6 color cube is used (i.e. 6 levels of red, 6 of green, and 6 of blue); for other values, a cube approximately proportional to a 2x3x1 cube is used.
.TP 
.B \-cmap
causes the application to install a private color map on an 8\-bit display.
.TP 
.B \-im
sets the input method server (equivalent to setting the XMODIFIERS environment variable)
.TP 
.B \-noxim
disables the input method framework ("no X input method").
.TP 
.B \-inputstyle
defines how the input is inserted into the given widget. E.g., onTheSpot makes the input appear directly in the widget, while overTheSpot makes the input appear in a box floating over the widget and is not inserted until the editing is done.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wodim (1),
.BR cdrdao (1),
.BR growisofs (1),
.BR mpg123 (1),
.BR ogg123 (1),
.BR eject (1),
.BR kdesu (1).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
AutoJet was forked from TurboJet 2 and published by Raphaël Doursenaud <rdoursenaud@free.fr> in 2008.
TurboJet 2 was written by David Weisgerber <weisgerber@mytum.de> in 2006 and was published in 2007.
.PP
This manual page was written by David Weisgerber <weisgerber@mytum.de> and Raphaël Doursenaud <rdoursenaud@free.fr>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
